five quick ways to improve your SEO
rankings SEO is all about all about the
long game slow and steady wins the race
at our agency NP digital clients stick
around with us for years in our
Enterprise division we're keeping
clients for five plus years that's a
long time eventually we'll probably
start keeping Enterprise clients for
over seven years but keep in mind we're
a newer agency so even though SEO is a
slow and steady game it works but do you
really have to wait that long to get the
results that you want the answer is no
there are quick ways to get results
maybe not all the results you want but
you can get immediate results so let's
break down five tactics to get you
quicker results way number one find
almost ranking phrases the more keywords
that you rank on page one for the better
off you are because no one really goes
to page two majority of the traffic is
on page one and ideally at the top of
page one did you know that you can find
all the terms that you're rankings
somewhat well for and quickly optimize
those so that way you can just pop up to
page one I want you to log into Google
search console click on search results
then click on average position and then
scroll down and click on pages look for
the pages that have an average position
of 11 to 20. these are the pages that
have a lot of keywords that rank on page
two and can quickly move up to page one
that means they're pretty much ringing
at the top of page two
if you take those relevant keywords and
make sure they're on the web page that
it's somewhat ranking for that term
already you'll do better you'll be
shocked at how many times you'll rank
for a term and it really isn't mentioned
in your title tag your meta description
tag or even within your content because
Google uses NLP to figure out what your
content is all about and they'll rank
you for other similar terms but when you
add those terms within those errors that
I just mentioned your title tags your
content your url it can quickly boost
your rankings now keep in mind if you
change your URL you got to do a 301
redirect from your old URL to your new
URL and you gotta adjust all your old
internal links to make sure they're
going directly to the new URL way number
two add a free to your website I added a
free tool called Uber says to my website
it increased my backlink count by twenty
four thousand four hundred fifty three
referring domains the more links you
have the higher you will rank over time
and here's the cool thing you can do
this this same exact thing to your
website you don't have to build a tool
from scratch like me either you can just
add one to your website for 10 or even
15 or 20 dollars all you have to do is
go to a site called codecanyon where you
can find a tool within your industry and
just purchase it and you can just put on
your website
in other words you're taking a tool
someone else created you're buying the
rights to it and you can white label it
meaning put your own logo your own
colors on it pop it on your website as
it's yours and it'll help you generate a
lot of backlinks they literally have
tools from every industry from
Automotive Finance to health heck they
even have SEO tools they have tools for
both b2c and B2B service based business
eCommerce product based businesses they
literally have a tool for any industry
that you can think of and they don't
cost much you of course won't generate
as many backlinks that I generated
through ubersus because I built a custom
tool but over time is you're getting
results from using tools let's say from
code Canyon wherever else you can find
them on the web eventually as it starts
getting traction your rankings increase
you start generating more money then you
can invest the time and resources and
money to build your own custom tools way
number three add internal links you
publish new content all the time right
well if you don't you should start doing
so but if you're new content doesn't
have backlinks it won't wrinkle now
links take a while to get but
that doesn't mean you still can't get
results one quick hack is to go into
your older articles and modify them
within your older articles add a few
links to your newly published articles
this way your new content starts ranking
higher faster as a general rule of thumb
only modify old articles that are
related to the new one you don't want to
add internal links unless it makes sense
so for example if I have a new article
that I've just published on digital
marketing
and I talk about how SEO paid ads and
social media and all these channels make
up digital marketing I may go into one
of my order articles on pay-per-click
one of my older ones on SEO one of my
older ones on social media and links to
the newer one
so general rule of thumb I would go into
three old articles that are relevant and
add internal links pointing to the new
articles that was just published way
number four optimize your meta tags for
higher rankings you don't have to build
links to rank higher you can just just
adjust your meta tax from your title tag
to your meta description and even as a
bonus optimize your URLs here are some
ways that you can do that titles with
questions have a 14.1 percent higher
click-through rate you can get roughly
8.6 percent higher click through for
titles that contain 15 to 40 characters
so make sure that the title of your
pages aren't too long you can also get
up to a 45 increase in click-throughs
when the exact query someone is
searching for is in your url example of
this is if you search for the term
digital marketing I would want to make
my URL neilpatel.com digital marketing
Powers increase click-throughs by
roughly 13.9 percent a great example of
this is the word effortless such as
seven effortless ways to boost your
rankings get roughly a 7.3 percent
higher quick rate for titles that
contain emotions versus ones that don't
and a 5.8 percent higher click through
if you have a meta description so make
sure you add one to each of your pages
titles with years generate 4.9 percent
more clicks such as the beginner's guide
to SEO 2025 Edition now of course you
want to use the year that currently end
within the title and once that title
goes old you gotta update that year each
and every single year so in essence if I
had the year 2019 or whatever it may be
and it's now 20 22 or 2023 or 2024 I
gotta keep updating that year
evoking curiosity increases clicks by
roughly 5.9 percent an example of this
is the seven benefits of green tea
number six will shock you you're like
wait what what's number six I have to
click through and see what number six is
now
titles that resemble education had a
10.4 percent more clicks and you're more
likely to be successful if you look at
the paid ads as your score based on
click percentages as well so that can
give you a lot of ideas on what works
and then you can Implement that within
your title tags way number five content
is king So write it in half the time
look if you can write your content half
the time in theory you can produce more
maybe double the amount of content and
generate even more traffic
the caveat here is though the quality
needs to be great not up to par but
great better than up to par on Uber says
we have an AI Rider that helps you write
content
it won't fully write the content for you
but it starts you off and helps you
optimize the for the right keywords from
there you can modify it and create a
masterpiece in half the time so head on
over to Uber says go to the lab section
and click on AI Rider from there put in
a keyword that you want your article to
be about for this example I select the
internal marketing then select the title
that works for you then select a meta
description
then select a few headings and boom
you'll have article in seconds now I
wouldn't recommend publishing that
article especially in its current state
but you can use it as a starting app
fill in the rest modify it make it
amazing go through it the whole purpose
of this tool isn't to write the content
for you instead it's to give you a head
start and same you some time plus let
you know all the main keywords that need
to be included in that article
if you just want my team to do all this
for you plus a lot of other SEO
strategies that are in our toolkit check
out my Ad Agency NP digital where we
just do this for companies day in and
day out now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much